{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1404\cocoasubrtf470
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc4\levelnfcn4\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{lower-alpha\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'02\'01.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid4\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2880\lin2880 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18380\viewh14500\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MSM Requested Tasks June 2016\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	1.	}Revisions to krsp_locmap \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}bring in the locX and locY for trapping records for which rattle = R (i.e. squirrel rattled at release).  These will just be reflo locs but I think they will be helpful for the crew for putting together these maps. \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
{\listtext	b.	}Allow users to specify a specific range of locX and locY values \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
{\listtext	c.	}Allow users to specify a particular or set of squirrels (this would be easiest for you for this to be by squirrel_id, but easiest for the crew if this were by colours).  I can see that colours could be doable for one squirrel but tricky for a seat of squirrels. 
\b \cf3 HARD
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	2.	}Can we bundle the error checking queries that are usually done by the head technician into a series of \'93Check My Data\'94 functions in R so that crew members can check their own data.  check_my_trapping_data, check_my_census_data, etc. \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}The user would enter their GRID and perhaps OBS code.  In both cases the default would be to apply no restrictions so that when the head tech runs the same code it returns identified problems from all grids. \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	3.	}Create a new table that reports all of the squirrels that currently have radio collars on for a particular grid. \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}I can see though that this year there are lots of errors in the trapping data for radio collars so maybe we need an error checking query first.  \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}All squirrels with radio collars on should be reported as radio = 1, 2 or 4.  I can see though that this year there are lots of errors in the trapping data for radio collars so maybe we need an error checking query first.  \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}All trapping records for which radio - 1, 2 or 4 should have a radio frequency entered in the collar field.  The collar field should also be six digits with no decimals.  When the crew mistakenly enters a frequency with the decimals (150.231) then this gets rounded to 150. \
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}All squirrels that are reported to have an RCON (radio = 2) should have a preceding record for RCNEW (radio = 1).\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}All squirrels that previously had an RCON, but currently have no collar (radio = 5) should have had a record for RCOFF (radio = 3).\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	b.	}Each squirrel should be included in the table only once and only if they currently have a radio collar on \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
{\listtext	c.	}The table should report information from their most recent capture \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
{\listtext	d.	}Information to report in a table: squirrel_id, colours, tags, reflo, collar frequency, date on which the collar was put on the squirrel. \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	4.	}Revisions to krsp_progress\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}Allow users to specify a particular or set of squirrels (this would be easiest for you for this to be by squirrel_id, but easiest for the crew if this were by colours).  I can see that colours could be doable for one squirrel but tricky for a seat of squirrels. 
\b \cf3 HARD
\b0 \cf0 \
{\listtext	b.	}Add a \'91sort by\'92 command so that the output could be sorted by rep_con, reflo, other? \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
{\listtext	c.	}Hover over something to get a graph of that squirrel\'92s weight changes through time (from trapping wgt~date, type=\'93b\'94) where pch is set based on rep_con and nipples of each capture.  That is, P0, P1, P2, P3, LAC, LL?, LL would all have unique pch. 
\b \cf3 HARD
\b0 \cf0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}There would have to be some precedence here where rep_con was subordinate to nipples\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}I wonder whether we might also get quite fancy here and add abline (v=nest1 date) and abline (v=tag date) to the figure as well. This would be very informative!!\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	d.	}Add an extra box at the far right that reports the date on which the squirrel was last captured (date_last_captured) \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Create a target_trap_date box for each squirrel which is based on their sex, rep_con and nipples.\
\pard\tx2380\tx2880\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2880\fi-2880\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl3\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if rep_con = P2, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 7\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if rep_con = P3, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 3\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if rep_con = P1, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 14\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if rep_con = P0, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 18\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if nipples = LL?, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 3\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}if nipples = LAC, target_trap_date = date_last_captured + 10\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}could have complex if statements or could simply use the minimum of the target_trap_dates based on the rep_con criterion and the nipples criterion\
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li2160\fi-2160\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}colour code this box as green (do not trap) if date_last_captured < target_trap_date - 3\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}colour code this box as yellow (could be trapped) if target_trap_date > date_last_captured >= target_trap_date - 3\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}colour code this box as red (to be trapped) if target_trap_date > date_last_captured >= target_trap_date - 3\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	e.	}Add a \'91sort by\'92 command so that the output could be sorted by target_trap_date, rep_con, reflo, other? \cf2 DONE\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	5.	}Can we display a \'91colour card\'92?  Might be more trouble to code than it is worth.\
{\listtext	6.	}I think we could be making use of Shiny Web Apps for our workflow.  Do you know anything about these?  I don\'92t know much but they seem super slick!  I am just starting to think about how we might use them.  One option would be for displaying the progression of individual female\'92s reproduction as above, where the user would enter a particular female\'92s information and their trapping history would be plotted as above (revisions to krsp_progress hover over graph).  Or perhaps the parturition date calculator where the field worker enters the weights at nest1 for a litter and the shiny web app calculates a parturition date for them based on the default of today\'92s date, but also with the option to specify the date.\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	a.	}Have you ever worked with these Shiny apps before?\
{\listtext	b.	}It is possible that this is the best interface for the field workers rather than having them work through R studio.  What if we did all of the above in Shiny with buttons to click to run queries, etc.\
}